Add encryption algorithm to Enterprise config (#41412)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/enterprise/enterprise-configuration.md

A list of cookies that are stripped from the outgoing data source and alerting requests.

## [security.encryption]

### algorithm

> Encryption algorithm used to encrypt secrets stored in the database and cookies. Possible values are `aes-cfb` (default) and `aes-gcm`. AES-CFB refers to Advanced Encryption Standard in Cipher FeedBack Mode, and AES-GCM refers to Advanced Encryption Standard in Galois/Counter mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Encryption algorithm used to encrypt secrets stored in the database and cookies. Possible values are `aes-cfb` (default) and `aes-gcm`. AES-CFB stands for _Advanced Encryption Standard_ in _cipher feedback_ mode, and AES-GCM stands for _Advanced Encryption Standard_ in _Galois/Counter Mode_.
```
